Hello there!
It's me the virtual youtuber Kizuna Ai
so what kind of Line stickers do you use?
today, december 5, is the Line Creators Stamp Awards'  result announcement
it has nothing to do with me though
what do you think will be this year's creator's stamp award will be?
did you know can quite earn some money on line stickers
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
interesting!
lets make some stickers and aim for the award! (next year)
so lets start creating one
the character will be of course me, so lets decide what theme we'll be using
looking  at the sticker nominees, you can see that there are a lot of animal characters
should i try cosplaying?
like a bunny, a bear, or a cat
oh, look at this one
gezukuma
a bear!
isn't it cute?
a swearing bear
a one-eyelid bunny
does bunnies vary with one-eyelids or two-eyelids
oh now i want one, usamaru's so cute isn't it
cute!
i want one!
someone
give me please
sticker
after looking at those, we'll take it as a reference
and make a sticker that shows my appeal
so with that i have decided the theme!
Ai-chan is cute so you'll definitely forgive me-sticker
instead of you, I'll be the one doing the sorry, pleading for it: kind of sticker
im sure with my cuteness, anything will be forgiven
it might be popular
i also heard that you can create moving stickers too
since i'm virtual
i'll use it and make something using a video recorder
i have come up with a situation
from level 1 up until level 5
i've come up with something
level 1 will be something like "Oh sorry, it was my bad~"
and level 5 will something like "I'm super sorry! It was all my fault!"
i have a lot of ideas so i'll try to do it
Level 1: Got late in a meeting with my friend
sorry!
did i made you wait?
i'm sorry i was supposed to be here in time but
i got scouted by some celebrity
i got late
im so sorry
tehe~
Level 2 : You were found cheating with someone else
Umm, i'm really sorry
Its not that i'm cheating
i'm just like having a good time with him
i'm just like felt lonely
friends, we're just friends
But i know you're worried because i'm cute
I'm sorry i got you worried
forgive me-yow~
Level 3: You got scolded by your senior and junior
Huh? Why am i  getting scolded?
You said if i don't want do it then just go home
i don't want to do it so i went home just like you said!
Why do i need to get scold about it!?
Please forgive me!
Level 4: You messed up something at work and caused huge damage
oh?
Did i messed up that so hard?
but i only messed up that 0 two times
chief~
can you please~
since i really can't do something about it
just please make some nice excuse
pleeeease ~
Level 5: They found that you arbitrarily ate the pudding in the fridge
I am solemnly
and deeply sorry!
I really like for everyone to use it so
a pose you want
or a word you want
or something you want to be forgiven to
or something you want to add
just request it on the comments below!
Please use it if it got released!